This is from the regatiana cd.
presence and there was nothing that would
confidence or a poor track record in
maceió in the last games before the wing to
people change this story today 20 cm with
certainty, victory alone interested the
hope was to add up to the maximum of
points to go back to g4 game start
a corner from crb and looks at the ball
daniel marques headed it outside
in this crossing of didira hit
head but the referee flávio Feijó
indicated a disability
this time clebinho advanced advanced
kicked and pedro henrique defended
on clearance for gabriel arranged
Magrão was also caught in another prevented
collection gabriel's bridle passed
very close
received this ball dominated and
ended up sending the crossing
de cristiano the defense managed to take the
time one soon after gabriel lost
this chance to divert the goal to the goal
Enjoyed the bobaga da zaga diego rosa
He tried to solve alone but not spent
with pedro henrique at 39 paulo sérgio
right footed shot and dumped the ball into the empty net.
low and the ball entered crb 1 to 0
in the last throw of the first half
no one marked an impediment and skinny
He missed this opportunity to expand on
second time glaydson sent this bomb
over dida crossed and anderson
Headed close to the goal 10
the foot and the goalkeeper pedro henrique managed
send out dir and charged foul
and then this beautiful table to the
39 of the second time tiago cavalcanti who
had just entered tied game 1
to 1
joy lasted little at the age of 43 crossed
Jonas also tried but the ball is over
left over for marcelo macedo to complete
end of game crb 2 to 1
the sessions must win the games
4 and unfortunately could not score more
The way I gave it today, I could happily
make the goal